and the one on Mars
having more
hi friends from youtube i am crisis
loquendo today I come to bring you a creepy
pasta I hope you enjoy it and that you
charge good fear a greeting in ya
1 ninja 11 who has supported me good without
more to say let's start with the crepe and
pasta enjoy the crepe and pasta is
flame god of war 41 the climb of souls
my name in this case is nothing
important the importance of this text
is to tell you how in one day there are 150
pesos ruined my life in 2014 the
most anticipated video games in the world already
they were in presale 'resident evil' 7
Aug 8 final part ninja gaiden 5 and
some others but the one I expected the most
it was the god of war 5 that was expected to
out the final part I'm a big fan of
goal from the first game to the
attention with all the games
intermediate my obsession led me to
buy the order when sony announced the
game it is clear that among my hobbies
is the reading creepy you pass obsessively
the holidays came and my parents
they left with much distrust
leaving me in charge of the house
in other cases they would not have left me
as the housekeeper but this time
it was something special they would go to visit
to relatives whose faces I do not know
that they would say in Canada after two days
It was under control but I was forced to
apply for a job in a very blockbuster
common in my locality every day I
I had to attend as a guardian of
full time soon after I
I began to reveal the days of rest
one day already hungry I decided to travel
on the outskirts of the city to buy
provisions for the next few days I took
the motorbike and I flew out of the
house had to get there fast since it
It was getting dark by going through
in front of the blockbuster where he worked
the traffic stopped me and the foreboding
that something bad would happen the
temptation consumed me something dragged me
in commerce could not
control my feet
when you get to the videogame hall
I managed to see something that I really
surprised there was a weird game called
god of war 41 climb of souls that version
never before had temptation seen her
It was so big that I decided to spend
of the provisions in that game the game
only cost 150 pesos and I decided that for
be a new game of godos guard
It was very cheap to get to my house and
I was anxious to try the game at
start the game appeared four menus
high of the story 1s options the
feeling that something was not going well
I was still there a little annoying, feeling
that the game was a fighting game
I chose arcade mode just to test the
start there was a selection of
characters three characters in total the
on the left was birds of the
right was zeus and the middle one
obviously it was deals remembering my
fascination for hades I chose it at
start the game I did not have the option to
choose scenario I was in a
dark room apparently it was the fourth
of a madhouse nothing to do with the
game
Adés fought with the odd things
gag with an unusual 'laura of light
shortly after killing those things
adés began to inflate more than much
both physically and apparently so
quick was the way the power
since I decided to stop playing
you can stop that phrase sounded with a voice
gloomy and cold without weapons in the message
that jumped directly to the screen
there were two options kill or die these
words bristled my skin I decided
keep playing and when I chose the option
kill a message jumped very well so
you want to kill again two options yes or
to die offended scared and tired I decided
choose the option yes but here the weird
started we have a great list of where
choose select a soul the answers
they were mom dad sister brother not what
I could believe something was very wrong very badly
having no other choice I decided to choose
brother my logic was that if he died not
we would suffer so much since he has not yet
born a new battle began but in
instead of one two three go a thing breathe
in my neck and pronounced the following
words rescue your soul those were the
words of the famous creepy pasta
super smash bros brawl this already had to
finish following my knowledge in
what
epi pastas I understood that I should not commit
no mistake that the guy from the creepy
pasta commit the enemy character was
a beast with a big bulge in the
belly this was as amorphous as the
characters of silente and origins al
destroy it there was a video scene to
des pierced the belly of that thing
it was really disturbing and very realistic
at the end of the video scene another
message jumped ha ha ha fantastic chooses
dad sister your cv that was this now me
I had to turn off this console
any way when trying to
turn it off another jump message that you're going
so fast play my game a little more
jajajajajajajajajajajaja that neither you
happen again turn off the console I have
to my friends all over your house x of you
you are behaving very badly
I'll have to punish you so you're not
a bad bunny chooses daddy I did not put the
option you because I do not want you to go
so fast I was disturbed with everything
that another battle started this time played
fight against something very similar to
slender
by murdering her a very video scene
peculiar caught my attention to unearthed
his swords in the neck of the thing
after that I understood that all this
it was really real not only was it the
game function was actually
killing my family everything was at fault
about that damn game and that
damn obsession I took that rod to
poke the chimney and tear
completely the rust there was a
short of suddenly from the
darkness I managed to see how the order
changed shape to a rare beast
Robotic skeleton covered arachnid
for a kind of meat that was
torn in a cruel way more
similar creatures came for me and
suddenly the television went on with
a message you like my show so now
comes the final part hahahahaha this
history was found on 8
December 2014 the young man and all his
family found themselves dead in a
armchair the mother had the belly
totally destroyed and a strange fetus
it came out of him the father was killed by a
hit with a knife in the neck the
sister was help in the garden I do not know
knows the cause of death
the young man was deprived of all
bones and vital organs which
they were ridiculous to be heard
exchanged for metal scrap
it seems that the young man's head was
shattered with a console
videogames I will be behind you